<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Title</title>
</head>
<body>
<p>
First of all, during this online semester managing the times is a significant factor for my academic success in writing course. To begin with, submitting assignments on time has played a major role for the student to get high marks. Thus, I must create a schedule every day to remember the assignment deadlines. For example, at the beginning of ADY098, I missed some assignments since I forgot the deadlines. Furthermore, completing quizzes on time is another element that affects student’s grades. Most students are not familiar with quizzes, so they go out of time. Also, spending more time studying is important to get high marks. In one of the ADY098 classes, I could not complete the quiz because of thinking a lot on one question. To conclude, arranging times help me to be successful in the ADY099 writing class this semester.

</p>
<p>
Secondly, using chances is another factor that helps me to pass this semester successfully in writing class. At first, students can use office hours to ask their personal questions and get advice from the professor. Therefore, professors have the opportunity to explain the student's weakness and their feedback. To exemplify, I joined my writing professor's office hours through the link in the Canvas. Also, it has been helping me to determine my grammatical mistakes and improve my ideas. In addition, students can get an appointment with the writing center to improve their writing fluency. While students write their assignments, they might have a tiny mistake; so the writing center gives them feedback to fix their problems. For instance, last semester I got an appointment with the writing center, and I shared my second draft, so he gives me feedback, which enhanced my marks. All in All, using opportunities is another element that makes success possible for this semester’s writing class.
</p>
</body>
</html>