<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
        PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
    <title>Title</title>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Get busy living or get busy</h1>
<hr width="100%"/>
<p>
    The initial meaning of life that I have realized as an Afghan is having a peaceful universe.
Conflict does not allow youths and teenagers to study securely in their countries. In 2020, when I was
in the class, three gunmen stormed the campus of Kabul University, and more than 32 students were
killed in this attack. When all students wanted to flee from University, I thought that peace might be the
only thing that people need in their society since the violence does not allow youths and teenagers to
educate securely; they afraid of terrorist attacks in schools and universities. In addition, for many
people who lost their families during wars, peace can be the significant meaning of life for them. In
2019, when I asked one of my friends who lost his mother and sister in a suicide attack, will you
forgive terrorists if they join the peace process? He replied, “ However, I lost my family; bringing
peace in a conflict society like Afghanistan can save millions of humans in our country, so I will
forgive those terrorists who killed my mother and sister.” Therefore, mostly everyone wants peace in a
conflict country since they lost their families during decades of wars inside their countries, so they do
not want conflicts that kill innocent people. To conclude, being free from disturbance is the first
meaning of life for me as an Afghan.
</p>

</body>
</html>